Basic Workflow:
-----
1. check out from SCM (like git,code commit)
2. Branch and make local changes
3. Self testing code - Add or Change tests as necessary
4. Test Driven development. (Creating a test before writing the code)
5. Trigger automated build locally (smoke test level)
6.If successful, consider for commiting
7. Update with latest from mainline (master, gold etc;)
8. Push changes, build and test on integration machine.

Best Practiices:
-------------
1. Maintain a single source repository
2. Have a common mainline branch (usually master)
3. Automate the build
4. Minimize the potential for user error, automate everything posiible.
5. Make code self testing
6. Everyone commits frequently ( atleast daily)
7. Communication is a key!!!! (slack, hangouts skype)
8. Frequent merges will help avoid conflicts
9. Working branch should be updated as frequently as possible to help avoid very large diffs while merging.
10. Build every commit
11. Prioritize fixing broken builds
12. keep your builds fast!
13. Testing env should be as close to prod as possible
14. Make it easy for anyone to get latest
15. keep it open, everyone should see what's happening
16. Automate the deployment

Continuous Delivery:
--------
A software development discipline where software is built so that it can be released to production at any time.

1. software is always deployable throughout software development life cycle. (SDLC)
2. Not breaking the build is prioritized over adding features.
3. Feedback is fast and production readiness is known.
	NOTE: Acceptance test qualification - IS MY BUILD PRODUCTION READY?
4. Push button deployments are possible of any version of the software.
5. Close/collaborate working relationship
6. Extensive Automation


Difference between CI & CD:
--------------
Continuous Delivery - is the ability to release at any time
Continuous Integration - is just the practice of integrating code continuously.

Continuous Deployment - Code is released continuously as part of automated pipeline.

Continuous Deployment pipeline:
----------

Start --> SCM Commit --> Repo (Origin Branch) --> Pipeline Start --> SCM Checkout --> [Unit tests] --> Build/Launch --> Test --> [Integration tests/ Smoke tests/ end to end tests] --> Deploy --> Pipeline End

